Webinar hosts can create smaller breakout sessions during their webinar, similar to those available in Zoom Meetings. The host can specify how many rooms they want to create, then manually assign attendees to each room, or have attendees automatically assigned to rooms. These breakout rooms are independent in terms of audio and video from the main webinar session, but hosts can move freely in, out, and between open breakout rooms. Webinars can have up to 1000 attendees split across 100 rooms. This requires a Zoom Events or Zoom Sessions license. This feature will not be immediately available, as it is dependent on a backend server update currently scheduled for June 26, 2023.
Call delegation has been enhanced to provide delegators with the ability to designate specific contacts as VIP contacts. These VIP contacts are granted the privilege to bypass the delegate and directly call the delegator. Managing the VIP contacts list can be done on the client side. Delegators have the option to allow their delegates to handle their VIP contact list, granting them the authority to add or remove contacts on behalf of an executive. The regular call handling setup remains intact. However, the delegator has the flexibility to choose a ring sequence that allows the delegate to receive the call first. This feature is disabled by default and requires a Zoom Phone Power Pack license.
The mobile Team Chat experience has been redesigned to enhance its organization and improve usability. The following changes have been made: (1) Vertical toolbar tabs: Mobile users can see vertical toolbar tabs, similar to the desktop version. (2) Customizable toolbar order: Users have the flexibility to customize the order of the toolbar according to their preferences. (3) Message ordering: Messages are now listed in the order of unread to most recent. (4) Filters: Filters have been added to provide users with different views, such as Mentions, Direct Messages, and Unread messages. (5) User Profile icon relocation: The User Profile icon has been moved to the top left corner of the mobile screen for easier access to status messages and Team Chat settings.
Users of Team Chat can instantly share their screen during a one-on-one chat. Similar to screen sharing options in meetings, Team Chat users have the flexibility to choose what they want to share and can even share multiple screens. This feature must be enabled by Zoom and will not be immediately available, as it is dependent on a backend server update currently scheduled for June 24, 2023.
Users can set the Zoom app to auto-accept far end camera control requests from designated Zoom users, speeding up the process when far end camera control is frequently used by the same user again and again. The auto-accept permission can be assigned to any authenticated participant in the meeting or Zoom contacts outside of a meeting, and can also be removed at any point through client settings.
To provide the best audio quality possible for Zoom Meetings in busy environments, users can configure Personalized Denoise in the desktop client audio settings directly, which will capture and analyze a clip of your audio from meetings to differentiate your voice from and suppress background noise in meetings. Zoom does not receive or retain this clip or analysis, which stays on your device and is only used for noise suppression in meetings you join.
If Call Queue members have Team SMS enabled, they can assign other members within a message to share information with each other. Tagging is only allowed for members who are part of the same call queue; they cannot tag someone who is not a member. Members will be able to differentiate between the original message and any tagged messages, along with knowing the original date the message was received.
The Meeting Summary feature, which uses AI to analyze and summarize in-meeting discussions, is enhanced to also include a list of next steps mentioned in the meeting and titles for each segment of the meeting . These next steps and segment titles are included in the email and Team Chat summary shared with the host and participants (if allowed).
In the Calendar tab, a Join button will appear on the top-left corner of the event card 15 minutes before and after an event/meeting starts. This is consistent with the sidebar behavior. Users can click the Join button on the event card to automatically join a Zoom meeting. Note: The Join button will not appear for declined events.
Desktop client users can view their current WiFi connection statistics, such as RSSI level, noise, and more, through the Statistics tab in client settings. This data is also available to account admins viewing a meeting participant’s network statistics in the Zoom Dashboard, allowing them to view connectivity issues and trends over the duration of the meeting.
Account admins can restrict the ability of guest participants to remote control another participant’s screen during share. This allows internal participants to continue to use remote control as needed, while external unauthenticated participants are blocked from requesting or being given remote control of shared screens. Previously, remote control could only be controlled for all meeting participants. This feature must be enabled by Zoom.
The main meeting scheduler on the Home tab of the Zoom desktop client is changing to align with the event scheduler used by Zoom Calendar, simplifying scheduling with Zoom for whichever method you choose. This feature requires version 5.15.5 or higher.  This change is rolling out to free accounts over the coming weeks.
Users now have the option to conveniently opt in or out of a shared line group directly from their Zoom client. In the event that a shared line group is deactivated by their admin, users can easily identify the inactive status of the shared line group within their web portal settings.
When an agent starts a voice conference call, they can pass ownership to another agent in the conference. The agent obtaining ownership must be in at least one voice queue. When there are no users in the conference, the agent can leave the conference call without ending the call for the remaining participants.
Participants using in-meeting chat can choose to hide the Zoom meeting window when capturing a screenshot. This can be especially useful for single-screen users, as the Zoom window is immediately hidden when starting a capture, and returns when the screen shot is selected or the process is canceled.
Users can see two time zones side by side when they collaborate with a colleague from a different time zone. Users can also enable or disable the second time zone when they schedule meetings with colleagues in the same time zone. Additionally, users can also customize the name of each time zone.
When the host of the meeting uses the Suspend Participant Activities option under Security controls, in addition to stopping all screen shares, video, and audio, all breakout rooms will be closed and participants are returned to the main session. Previously, breakout rooms were unaffected by this security control.
Users can access Zoom AI Companion for Mail to enter a prompt and generate emails. When responding to an email thread, users can generate an email using information from the thread and/or an inputted prompt. Users can enable or disable the Zoom AI Companion for Mail integration.
The profanity filter feature prevents automated transcription from displaying inappropriate words. Admins can import widely available 3rd party lists, eliminating the need to manually curate offensive words, and enabling easy customization according to their organization's needs. This filter applies to all Zoom products utilizing transcription services, including Meetings, Webinars, Smart Summaries, and Recordings.
When users access Zoom Calendar client settings, they can use the Accounts section to see the email account that they signed in with and view other email provider accounts. The events of the selected provider will appear in the calendar home page.
