A new permission has also been added: "Send Messages in Threads", which allows users to send a message in a thread. The "Send Messages" permission has no effect in threads: users must have "Send Messages in Threads" to send a message in a thread. This allows for setups where a user can participate in a thread but cannot send a message in the parent channel (like a thread on an announcement post).
Context menu commands are a type of application command. The "Slash Commands" documentation page has been renamed to "Application Commands" and split out by type to show this.
GET /channels/{channel.id}/threads/active is decommissioned in favor of GET /guilds/{guild.id}/threads/active.
The name and description fields for Achievements are now strings, and localization info is now passed in new name_localizations and description_localizations dictionaries. This change standardizes localization to match Application Commands. Read details in the Achievements documentation.
Thread permissions have been updated and simplified: "Use Public Threads" is now "Create Public Threads", which allows users to create public threads and announcement threads in a channel, even if they cannot send messages in that channel.
Thread permissions have been updated and simplified: "Use Private Threads" is now "Create Private Threads", which allows users to create private threads in a channel. even if they cannot send messages in that channel.
To specify a reason for an administrative action in audit logs, apps must now pass the X-Audit-Log-Reason header rather than the reason parameter for all endpoints.
User commands and message commands are now live! These commands appear on context menus for users and messages. with more to come in the future.
Existing attachments must be specified when PATCHing messages with new attachments. Any attachments not specified will be removed and replaced with the specified list
The GET /guilds/{guild.id}/bans endpoint has been migrated to require pagination to improve reliability and stability.
Requests to v10 and higher will no longer be supported on discordapp.com (this does not affect cdn.discordapp.com).
Message routes (like POST /channels/{channel.id}/messages) now use the embeds field (an array of embed objects) instead of embed.
Autocomplete interactions are now available, allowing application commands to provide server completed options.
The summary field for applications will be removed in the next API version (v11).
Interaction modals are now available, allowing applications to prompt users for further detailed input.
Starting in v10. you must specify the message content intent (1 << 15) to receive content-related fields in message dispatches.
The summary field for applications now returns an empty string for all API versions.
MESSAGE_CONTENT is becoming a privileged intent for verified bots in 75+ servers on August 31, 2022.
Add official support for guild_scheduled_events field on Guild resource sent with GUILD_CREATE event.
Add new documentation for the recently released Guild Scheduled Events feature.
