The Enable Webex Assistant setting is on by default, in November, unless an administrator has already manually set it to Off. In November this change is applied to all customers, including both slow and fast channel customers.
The new lobby controls for Personal Room meetings re-categorizes guest users, separating them into two groups with separate lobby controls. These two new users groups are unverified users and verified external users.
Webex Scheduler uses the default Webex site when scheduling a meeting. You can change the default Webex site in Webex App preferences. Administrators can perform a bulk default Webex site change for users by a user CSV export and import in Control Hub.
IT administrators can restrict their company devices to adhere to certain meeting experience based on their company policies. This can be done via pushing down a registry key across all your company owned devices.
This feature provides more granular control over internal Webex Meetings. Previously this Control Hub feature allowed an administrator - to make all scheduled and Personal Room meetings: Accessible by all external users; Accessible only by users from approved email domains; and Accessible only by internal users.
Breakout session attendance report is added to the meeting attendee report. This includes breakout session names along with the attendee join and leave time.
This report was previously static and not sortable. Now it is sortable by last name directly in the browser without having to download it. Only non-beta customers can’t see this feature.
Site administrator sites with auto account creation can now be updated from Site adminstration to Control Hub.
Invitation sources allow you to see where your attendees are coming from if you share the webinar links in multiple locations. You can create unique URLs for different platforms and share that unique link to track how many joins or registrations each platform has generated.
You can now reorder the participants you've moved on to the stage. Simply drag and drop the video you'd like to move into the position you'd like, or use the more options menu in the video thumbnail where you can select move to first position.
Starting in 42.9, cohosts can’t end meetings. This change prevents accidental ending of meetings by cohosts. If an organization wants to change back to allow cohosts to end meetings, they can have their CSM submit a provisioning request.
When you share content in a meeting or webinar, the shared content is now larger and the speaker video(s) is now smaller. The ratio between content and speaker videos is approximately 70:30 but depends on the size of your screens and the number of speakers on stage.
The type of responses that are being submitted to Open text polls are clustered and organized into categories. Available in Slido Labs and automatically ON for Cisco accounts. Rolling out to more accounts in the following weeks.
Four new expandable sections are now available; General, Privacy, Audience Q&A, and Polls. Click and open Advanced settings which bring you to a pop-out of administrator settings.
This feature adds the option to display a name that is attached to an answer. Once the participant decides to add their name it is visible in administration, participant, and present mode.
