We are excited to introduce Auto Admit that is designed to make your life easier as a meeting host while increasing the security of your meeting. This new default behavior allows invitees who are signed into Webex to join a scheduled meeting directly without having to wait in the lobby. No more admitting people in the lobby when they were supposed to be in the meeting anyways. No passwords or PIN numbers required. Even Webex Room systems that you add to your meeting invite can join the meeting directly. Remind your invitees to sign into Webex to be able to take advantage of this amazing new usability improvement. For users who aren't signed into Webex and those that aren't on the invite, they continue to wait in the lobby until you or a cohost admits them.
Administrators can disable Broadcast Message using Control Hub templates for Meetings and Webinars. The controls to disable this feature are available at the user or group or org level. When the administrator has this disabled for the user, then the user as an attendee to a webinar or meeting can't receive broadcast messages. For a user that has the broadcast message turned OFF, they aren't able to use this feature in the meeting and appropriate client message is provided to them. If the user is a host, then the entire meeting doesn't have the broadcast message capability.
You can now edit your in-meeting display name in the meeting. This makes it easier to use a preferred name or control how you want your name is seen by others. As a Meetings participant or Webinar panelist, in the Participants panel, simply right-click your name and select Edit Display Name to edit your name for this meeting. Hosts and cohost can edit the display name of any Meetings participant or Webinar panelist in the meeting or webinar. The meeting recording and usage report always show the last-edited name of a user. For customers who prefer to block the ability to edit display names, the can administrator can disable it.
We're changing the look and feel of your meeting site management pages in Control Hub. We’re making your experience of managing your site consistent with how you manage other services in Control Hub. The current site management pages use IFrames to pull the site management settings from Webex Site Administration into Control Hub. This interface refresh removes the IFrames and ports most of the site management settings on Control Hub pages. Meanwhile, all administrative activities are audited in Control Hub audit log. We provide a capability for the customers to revert to the old site administration tool in that time, and the administrator can also switch to a new site administration experience. (In this phase, we completed the relevant functions relating to Webex Meetings and Webinar meetings.)
This feature empowers the scheduling delegates, typically the executive administrators, to access the meeting content that includes recordings, transcripts, highlights, and attendance reports. Thereby, removing the burden from executives of download this information and manually sending them to their administrators for any further analysis or processing. When the meeting ends, the delegate, in addition to the host, gets an email with the link to the page where the meeting content is available. Delegate can also sign-in into the Webex site page, select the Calendar option in the left menu, go to the Completed tab and select where I am a delegate in the drop-down menu. The delegate can see and access the completed meeting list and meeting content by clicking any of the meetings.
In case you missed the 42.8.5 update, administrators can enable Allow host account signup on Control Hub managed sites. This feature has been available for site administrator-managed sites and is now also available on Control Hub managed sites. This feature allows people without an account on the site to request a host account. A related feature for administrators to enable Allow users to request that additional services are also part of this feature. You can request for approvals in Control Hub using the Requests tab of notification Center in Control Hub.
To help hosts and cohosts manage attendees in a meeting we have added sound notifications for when a person joins the lobby. In addition to the current visual notification, hosts and cohosts can now turn on an audio notification. This option is found in Meeting Setting -> Notifications. People can choose which sound they hear. Sound is only audible for hosts or cohosts. If multiple people join lobby at same time only one sound plays. After 10 seconds then sound plays again if a new person joins the lobby.
Simultaneous Interpretation is supported in Personal Room meetings. You can enable these settings in site preference. For both Personal Room meetings and scheduled meetings or webinars, hosts can enable or disable the interpretation feature ad-hoc in the meeting, easily by controlling it on the fly. Hosts can also set a default language channel for everyone in the meeting (except interpreters) during scheduling or in the meeting. This gives hosts greater control over the meeting experience for their attendees and makes it easier for users to experience interpretation in their meeting.
You can now see a Change status to pending button in the manage webinar registration page, which allows you to change the registration status of an approved or declined attendee to pending. Attendees marked as pending are listed in the pending tab of the manage registration page. When the status of an approved attendee is changed to pending, the attendee receives an email informing them that their invitation to the webinar is cancelled. No such email is sent to attendees whose registration status has been changed from declined to pending.
IT administrators can now decide if their users should have the secondary camera capability in their meetings or not. Administrators can apply this configuration to a specific user, group of users, or to their entire organization using Control Hub settings template or to their entire organization using org level settings on Control Hub. Administrators can also choose which meetings (internal or external) these settings apply using the options that are provided to them in the settings templates.
The Custom dictionary feature in Control Hub allows administrators to specify custom out-of-vocabulary words that aren’t part of the standard dictionary, so that when these words are uttered in meetings, they can be transcribed more accurately in the closed captions and transcript.​ The keywords include organization acronyms and jargon, industry terms, product names, organization name, and people's names. In this update, this dictionary is limited to 100 words and English language support only.
In this update, IT administrators can now lock the company device to allow only authenticated company users to join meetings using this device. You turn ON this feature in Control Hub. This feature is applicable if you are using company device to join meetings that are held within your organization or joining external meetings (meetings held outside of your organization). This feature leverages registry key and token that are introduced.
When interpreters aren’t speaking in a language channel, participants subscribed to that channel automatically hear 100% original (floor) audio. Once an interpreter speaks in the channel, the user hears the volume balance of an interpreter or the original audio according to what has been set (by default, it is 80% interpreter, 20% original audio, but the user can change it according to their preference). This feature does not change the user interface.
If you are using Webex Meetings and Webinars you can now add chapters to a recording and share them with others. This makes it faster and easier to view recordings that are longer in duration. Hosts can indicate the starting timestamp of a chapter along with its title and then delete them. You can enable MP4 recording and Webex Events (classic).
Webex users receive an email notification if they have recordings reaching expiry soon. They can see an expiring soon label next to their recordings in the recordings tab in the Webex site. These notifications are set either weekly or monthly, depending on the retention period set by the administrator. These notifications are controlled by the existing recording email notification toggle in settings.
Hosts can set up a customized logo in the scheduling step. The host and their attendees are impressed by the polished look of Slido’s polling and Q&A, as well as the variety of the polling questions. In the previous update, attendees view couldn’t be maximized, but in this update, attendees can max out the web browsers' space to view the webcast.
We’re introducing an industry first ability to share the camera view from your mobile device or iOS and Android users. During a Webex Meeting, mobile app users can start sharing their mobile camera view with all the meeting participants. Meeting participants can view shared mobile camera content in full screen mode on their computers, devices, and phones.
In this update, webinar supports three new email templates: Webinar invitation emails for panelists; Cancellation emails for panelists who are removed in the webinar; and Absentee follow up emails for people who registered for but didn’t join the webinar. Certain email templates are optional, and hosts can decide if they want them to be sent out.
The new Webex whiteboard is an infinite canvas where you can collaborate together with any meeting participants whether they are using Webex Meetings app, Webex App, or Webex devices. There are several handy tools such as pen, shapes, sticky notes, and images. When collaborating with others, you can see their profile pictures moving along with their pen strokes.
Previously this feature was available with a beta tag, but in 42.11 it is generally available to everyone. The new Webex whiteboard is an infinite canvas where you can collaborate together with any meeting participants whether they are using Webex Meetings app, Webex App, or Webex devices.
